# Self-Assessment
OVerall, I felt like i accomplished a lot personally with the project. In my view, i while i was not the primry role in the data analysis, as the person i ncharge of the presentation I got a fairly good understanding of our process, analyis and conclusions. More importantly, I believe I got a better understanding for how to put it together as if in a real world setting pitching to a client, which is just as valuable, if not more so than the actual leg work. Also, in reviewing my teams work, I got a good understanding of how to go about a process when starting from ground 0. OVerall, I'd give myself a 9/10 for the project.
## Team Assessment
As a team, I believe we mostly got along and did a good job at completing the project on time, with a high quality result. While there was arguably deeper analysis we could have done, we were able to garner a lot of data, clean it, transform it, load it and analyze it efficiently while coming to interesting conclusions. While there are always things we could have done better, for the most part I was very pleased with the team, our work and the results. and would give us a 10/10.
## PRoject Summary
Simply put, the project was used to test our abilities in utilzing a significant portion of the tools, languages and technologies we learned over the course of the boot camp, highlighted by a robust machine learning algorithm. Combing the usage of a number of these tools/technologies, etc, gave us a sense of what using our new skills we have learned would be like in the real world, where we also would have to find and gather the data set to work from. We got the understanding that that process alone can be more complicated than the ETL or analysis components. OVerall, I would give hte project a 10/10, and would highly recommned it to anyone taking this class or a s good practice for full stack development.
